(SPACEY HOOTING)
(VOICES WHISPERING)
NEWSCASTER: Gale force winds
and mountainous seas
-smashed this boat
into the rocks at Margate.
-(KNOCK AT DOOR)
MAN: Hello.
Not even a mate.
Well, find it.
I'm sorry to have to ask,
Max, but, uh...
Can you tell me
if this is Chloe's phone?
BARBARA: Fergus?
-What is it?
-Um...
Well, I don't know, mate.
I'm not sure.
What is it?
Why is it all smashed up?
Where'd you find it?
It was found
in Kettering Forest.
About a K from
the greenie camp.
So, you'll start
searching today.
-Oh, my God. Chloe...
-Hang on, Barbara,
for Christ's sake.
I'm gonna call Roy.
Roy retired, Max.
I'm in charge of the search.
Adam, did you see
Chloe at the party?
You said you didn't see her.
They found her phone.
What does that mean?
FERGUS: It means that
we've got somewhere to start.
(THEME MUSIC PLAYING)
How do you take it?
(SPOON CLATTERING)
What?
How do you take your coffee?
-What are you doing here?
-I work here.
Fergus is the only one
with a decent coffee machine.
Have you seen him
this morning?
Yeah, he was glowing.
Glowing?
It's amazing
what exercise will do for you.
Do you do it?
Kayak.
Exercise.
Only caution.
You were with Chloe.
Mmm-hmm.
What'd you talk about?
Talked about London.
She wants to get out.
Escape.
Escape what?
I'd say people like you.
Why me?
Women usually wanna
escape men like you.
Self-preservation.
You know, they found
Chloe Holloway's phone?
That's a nasty bruise.
It's on the back of your leg.
I already told
Auntie Barbara last night.
It was a joke.
Eliza, get on with it.
(MOBILE PHONE BEEPS)
GIRL: It's me.
They're here.
The lights are here.
They're coming for me.
Somebody's here.
What do you want?
Stay away from me!
Who are you?
(SCREAMING) Somebody help me!
(SHRIEKING)
(LINE DISCONNECTS)
Is that it?
Why did you say
the message was real, and then
five minutes later,
turn around and say
it was a joke?
I was just mucking around.
Where were you when you
recorded the message?
We were in
Chloe's car in town.
Drinking.
Eliza, you know
that it's an offence
to lie to the police,
don't you?
You terrified Max and Barb.
It didn't sound
like a joke to them.
(ELIZA SOBBING)
What are you doing?
(FEARFULLY)
I can see the lights.
See?
We just pretend.
Chloe and I
always do that stuff.
You know...
Just muck around.
Guess I just wanted
to be a part of it.
Thought you might
want a lift to work.
Ah, I'm all right.
Dane.
Where are the drugs?
I went round to Chloe's.
Her mum wouldn't
leave me alone.
-They're in her drawer.
-Which drawer?
One at the bottom of her bed.
MAN: Who's there, boy?
It's all right, Pop,
I'll be in in a sec.
I never wanted
to run the drugs...
I'm not a fucking idiot, Dane.
You owe me 10 grand.
Chloe shouldn't be
dealing in the first place.
But I don't care who took 'em.
-I want my money.
-(SIGHS)
Dane.
You were with me...
Friday night.
Franklin Shed.
Okay?
-Why?
-Because of the storm.
Is that an alibi?
(CAR DOOR OPENS)
(CAR DOOR SHUTS)
Dad?
NEWSCASTER: Now,
news just in...
The police organised
a search party
in Kettering Forest
for missing teenager,
Chloe Holloway,
who failed to return home
after attending a party
in the forest on Friday night.
Police have not
issued a statement as yet,
but a source tells us
that a mobile phone
believed to belong
to the teenager
was found not far from
the camp in the early hours
of this morning.
Late yesterday, a protest
turned violent when...
(HELICOPTER WHIRRING)
(INDISTINCT CHATTERING)
Deb.
Do you know
where the search base is?
Can I get a lift
up the mountain, please?
All the cars are full.
They're looking up
at the Kettering Forest,
aren't they?
Same as with Gillian.
You saw the lights,
Renae, didn't you?
Why don't you keep
your mouth shut?
I want to find her, too.
I can help.
I think it's better
for everybody if you
just stayed here.
Watch your back, Deb.
Christ's sake.
Do you mind if we turn
the heater down?
People think I had something
to do with Chloe's
disappearance, don't they?
Why did you come back?
I'm trying to work that out.
(GASPS)
(EXHALES) Shit!
(CAR DOOR SHUTS)
(ROCK THUDS)
(HELICOPTER WHIRRING)
(INDISTINCT RADIO CHATTER)
Mum, what's she doing here?
I couldn't stop her.
Put a jacket on.
(RADIO CHATTER CONTINUES)
Who'd you kill?
What are you even doing here?
You gotta wear these.
Thanks.
(INDISTINCT CHATTERING)
MAN OVER RADIO: Yeah, the dogs
have arrived.
We're about to
run them down the ridge.
MAN: Chloe!
(DOGS BARKING)
I said come here.
What's the problem?
I've never seen 'em
act like this before.
What the hell is up there?
(POLICE RADIO CHATTER)
Chloe.
MAN: (SHOUTING) Chloe!
(ANIMAL GROWLING)
Chloe.
Gillian?
(GASPING)
Shit!
Gillian!
Don't move.
You're just stuck, Anna.
Come on.
I can manage.
Okay, fine.
Every search she's done,
they can track it.
We'll assess everything.
Emails, social media.
Check the hard drive.
I need a piece of clothing.
Something she wears
all the time.
(TELEPHONE RINGING)
(INDISTINCT
TELEVISION CHATTER)
BARBARA: Yeah.
Okay, well, just let me know
how it goes.
Bye.
You'll find her, won't you?
(SOFTLY) Stop.
Stop.
Find my daughter.
Here, just watch your step.
Hey, Deb.
Can you grab a blanket?
What happened?
What did she do?
She didn't do anything.
ANNA: Dad.
What's up there?
Just go home, Anna.
DEB: Come on.
She was
calling out for Gillian.
Roy.
We tried to run
the dogs up the ridge.
It's private property.
I know that, Roy.
We need to search
all relevant areas.
Anyway, they wouldn't
bloody go in.
The trainers said they'd never
seen anything like it.
It's a bit
premature, isn't it?
You need to let me
run this my way, Roy.
(THUNDER RUMBLING)
The weather's closing in.
Did you hear what I said?
We've all
got to pull together.
This is not the time for egos.
It's not about egos, Roy.
It's about how you've retired,
and I need to oversee this.
I've been a cop for 35 years.
We need to find her.
That's what I'm trying to do.
(THUNDER RUMBLING)
ANNA: How long have you
been having chemo?
Who told you I had cancer?
I saw the chemo implant
on your chest.
I'd appreciate you
not speaking
about my business.
No one knows.
Who's treating you?
Dr McKenzie
found me a specialist.
Dr McKenzie?
Do you still see her?
No.
She works at
the old Women's Prison
as a tour guide.
The convict prison?
She does the occasional
shift at a pathologist's.
Wanted to get out.
You know,
if you ever want
to fit in around here,
I suggest
you change your attitude.
It sucks.
(THUNDER RUMBLING)
Why are we stopping?
We can't even see
a hand in front of us, mate.
Come on, Adam.
All right.
(STRAINING) Here you go.
Coming down?
I don't need your help.
I don't know why your mob
were even allowed up here.
Fuck off back to the blockade.
Go bang some fuckin' drums.
We're here to
find your sister.
(THUNDER RUMBLING)
What are you doing?
Just doing a few rows.
I don't think Chloe would
want you doing her knitting.
BARBARA: You didn't find her?
Where's your father?
I don't know.
(METAL CLANKING)
-(GROANS)
-(CAR DOOR CLOSES)
You heading home?
Yeah, soon.
We've called
the lads in for the night.
We'll start up
again at first light.
You want a beer?
No, thanks.
I've got to get home.
Maybe you should go home, too.
How are you holding up?
All right.
Good man.
Hey, Fergus tried to run
the dogs through
Mother Sullivan's.
They wouldn't go in.
Baulked.
What'd he do that for?
I don't know. Trying to be
the big man, I think.
It'll be all right.
-Yeah.
-Go home to Barbara, mate.
You know, she never
wanted to come here, Roy.
It's been a constant
disappointment to her.
Ah, the joys, eh?
(CHUCKLES)
Just go home.
(THUNDER RUMBLING)
MAN: Uh,
it's pretty clear that
as a result of the response
to last week's blog that
people all around the world
feel that political,
social and natural
cataclysms are
happening at
an increasing rate.
And that has them heading
towards the question...
(CHATTER CONTINUES
INDISCERNIBLY)
(EXHALES) Shit.
(THUNDER RUMBLING)
They didn't find her?
Not yet.
Renae called
everyone in Hobart.
No one's seen her.
What time did you finish up?
Roy told me they're gonna
start again at first light.
No one could survive
out there in this weather.
She'll be in Hobart, Barb.
She has to be.
How many of you were up there?
(SIGHING) I don't know.
What do you mean?
I was at the mill.
-(GLASS SHATTERING)
-She's your daughter!
Barb.
MAX: I'll fix it.
(INDISTINCT CHATTERING)
(INDISTINCT
TELEVISION CHATTER)
Here.
Thank you.
Here you go.
Thanks.
WOMAN: Who can say
what evil truly is,
until we experience it
first-hand?
This was his private
dissection room.
They did have another
dissection room
over at the hospital,
but this was hidden
in the depths of the prison.
The doctor here was fascinated
with the brains
of his female patients.
He'd lay 'em out here.
If a convict was near death,
or it was just
a matter of time,
they were made
to bring her across here,
place her in a hammock
in the other room,
and then they'd wait.
The surgeon would
get other convicts
to hold the lantern,
while he dissected
the cadaver.
Nine times out of 10,
they knew the woman
that was being cut apart.
Anna.
Hi.
If you hadn't
have called, I wouldn't
have recognised you.
Come on, I've gotta close up.
How's your father?
He just retired.
He must love having you back.
You two were so close.
I can't remember
being close to him.
You were like his shadow.
And my mum?
I liked your mother a lot.
It was hard for her.
What was?
Coming from the mainland.
She was isolated.
Kids used to call her a witch.
Well, that doesn't
surprise me.
People are
so bloody small-minded.
I wondered if you
knew about that day.
The day Gillian went.
I knew that's why you called.
That you'd come back.
I want to know.
When they brought you in,
I hardly recognised you
as the same little girl.
Who brought me in?
Roy, of course.
Someone had cleaned you up.
There was a lot of blood
under your fingernails.
Whose blood?
I'm not sure.
Roy got you out
of there before I could
examine you properly.
Next thing I know,
Lofty's arrested.
Why did you leave Kettering?
Because I wasn't allowed
to be a good doctor.
What do you mean?
Things started happening.
I thought at first
possibly an allergy
had taken hold.
But then,
strange cancers.
I mean, it's a small town,
but there were
so many cancers.
Gut,
spleen, things you
don't normally see.
Like Deb Russell.
Yes, exactly.
I wanted toxicity tests done.
You know,
on the water and the soil.
They labelled me a nutter.
And then the threats started.
Threats?
So I left.
What did
the pathology tests say?
Please, I have to know.
Anna,
I saw
Chloe Holloway on the news.
She had nosebleeds.
Blackouts.
Did she come and see you?
(WHISPERS) Go back to London.
(MUSIC PLAYING)
(INDISCERNIBLE BAR CHATTER)
Bottle of Shiraz, takeaway,
and a whisky, double.
Sure.
Hey.
Did you put me
to bed last night?
Yeah. You were
in a pretty bad way.
Thanks.
You didn't find her?
No. Not yet.
Where are all
the old case files kept?
Have they been digitised?
What are you talking about?
I want to see Gillian's file.
(SCOFFS) Well...
It'd be in Hobart,
at Archives.
Can you call them for me?
No.
-Can I use your security pass?
-No, you can't.
Bloody hell.
Chloe's gone missing
and you're worrying about
something that
happened 15 years ago.
This is a community, Anna.
Where people care
about each other.
I know that.
Good.
Then try acting like you do.
(CUSTOMERS LAUGHING)
Same again, Bec.
Buy you a drink?
I'm tired.
You don't look tired.
How would you know?
It's a strange coincidence,
all this happening
when you get back.
Thank you.
Funny thing is...
I don't believe
in coincidences.
What's a homicide cop
doing on a missing
person case?
Give it a couple of days.
We'll have a body.
We both have a pretty good
idea how this will end.
Don't forget your wine.
MAN ON TELEVISION:
...spreading half truths
in key markets like Japan,
but the Greens say the move
is an attack on free speech.
(TELEVISION CHATTER
CONTINUES INDISCERNIBLY)
-(WIND WHOOSHING)
-(WINDOW RATTLING)
-(WINDOW SHUTS)
-(WIND STOPS)
(PIANO PLAYING)
(SWITCH CLICKS)
You know, it doesn't
do you any good
trawling through this.
Maybe there is a sign.
What sort of sign?
The lights.
Why have they come back?
Not a fucking movie,
Renae, all right?
There's no fucking
close encounter.
Gillian's not
coming back, all right?
She's not... She's not
gonna be like some
fucking, magic
Christmas fairy
miraculously appear.
You know, most children
who go missing
are dead after three days.
That's a fact.
She's dead, Renae.
That's the truth, all right?
I'm trying to help you.
(WHISPERS) Help me?
You're a simple,
close-minded bastard,
you know that?
A leech.
-You bitch!
-(GASPS)
-(GRUNTS)
-Ah!
(KNOCK AT DOOR)
-Anna.
-Hi.
This is very thoughtful.
Is Barbara around?
She's, um... She's getting
ready for bed. It's...
Been a really big day.
I'm really sorry, Max.
Well, we just have
to hope for the best.
BARBARA: I thought you were
talking to Eliza.
Can I, um... Can I get you
something, Anna?
I just wondered,
did Chloe have any noticeable
marks on her skin?
Why are you asking that?
I saw Dr McKenzie today.
Um...
She had eczema as a baby.
How about nosebleeds?
What's wrong with you?
Get her out of here. Get out.
-Barb.
-Please.
(POP MUSIC PLAYING)
(KNOCK ON DOOR)
Yeah?
-Goodnight, love.
-Goodnight.
Chloe's got
jammies like that, I think.
These are hers.
Okay.
Sleep tight.
Night.
You'd tell us if you knew
where she was,
wouldn't you, Lize?
I miss her too, Uncle Max.
(DOOR CLOSES)
Renae.
Renae, it's Dutch.
Travis?
RENAE: I'm all right, love.
I'm just
getting ready for bed.
A neighbour called.
Can you show me what he did?
You can come with me right now
and make a statement.
I'll drive you
to the hospital.
He's under a lot of pressure.
It'll settle.
My mum thought
the same thing
every Friday night.
(WHISPERS) Don't tell Roy.
Please.
DUTCH: Travis isn't
Gillian's father.
Is he?
No.
Who called?
Someone heard screaming.
They don't have to live
with her going on
about aliens and shit.
(POOL CUE STRIKING)
You want a beer?
No thanks.
Don't know why
you come round here
all high and mighty.
What you think
you're gonna achieve?
Patronising me,
you fucking hypocrite.
What are you on about, Travis?
See, I know what you're up to.
-Do you?
-Yeah, your little enterprise.
I've seen the boats.
I know you're dealing.
I saw Chloe,
so you take yourself right...
-(GRUNTS)
-Prick!
Hey?
You touch Renae again,
and I'll fuckin' kill you.
You feel better?
Oh, shit.
Do you want a drink?
No.
This won't change anything.
I know.
(SOFTLY) Turn around.
(GASPS)
Jeez, you're bleeding.
Hey.
Your nose is bleeding.
Here.
Sit down.
I'll find you a towel.
Here.
Was she here?
What?
Who?
This is Chloe's.
She was wearing it
the first time I saw her.
I remember it.
I picked up some stuff
from her mother's.
It's for work.
That's bullshit.
Were you having sex with her?
It's part of
the investigation.
What, fucking 17-year-olds?
My father's a cop.
Evidence isn't
lying around his house.
You would be surprised.
She was 17.
Why are you
using the past tense?
You're a liar.
Why did you come back?
It's my home.
You don't have a home.
(GIRLS SINGING)
* Ah
* When she comes walking over
* Now I've been
waiting to show her
* Crimson and clover
* Over and over
WOMAN (ON RECORDING): Gillian,
you have to go home
now. Anna has homework.
ANNA: No, I don't.
(RECORDER CLICKS)
What are you doing?
Nothing.
What is this?
It's Gillian and I.
Barbara has lost her child.
And you go waltzing down there
with your far-out theories.
I took them some wine.
They are decent people.
What does that mean?
Max said you were
talking about Dr McKenzie.
-I asked her.
-What?
What did you ask her?
I wanted to know
about Gillian.
Why would you ask about that?
-You know what happened.
-No, no, I don't know.
Yes, you do.
When are you leaving?
I'm not.
Who cleaned me up?
I had blood on me, didn't I?
When you
found me in the forest.
Are you drunk?
You're drunk, aren't you?
Why don't you
go back to your job in London?
I resigned.
Was it Gillian's blood?
I don't know
whose blood it was!
You talk about decency.
You can't
speak to me like this.
Why did you
have an affair with Renae
when you had me and Mum?
You make me sick.
Why can't you just
tell me the truth?
Truth?
You have no idea.
You're the only one
that knows what happened.
You! You alone!
You know what happened.
And it's all in here.
I don't want you here.
ROY: Anna?
(HORRIFIED SCREAMING)
(THEME MUSIC PLAYING)